hello people welcome to episode 2 of
survival craft and yeah I'm making my
new house which is a diamond or floor
this is this isn't minecraft this is
survival craft so so I'm gonna make the
walls out of cobblestone no I don't want
to go there ah there
eck hurts so bad don't know why bone
hurts don't know why okay ow ow my neck
wow what the heck just lean just like
building our house why build a house and
my neck started hurt all this is why oh
my god I can't get through this tiny
block
and make blue plank ceiling and yeah um
I can't do episode 3 because this ipod
keeps on falling down so that this is
the end of the episode about survival
craft sorry about that and yeah so
that's about it for survival craft and
you all later see on my minecraft
episodes if you did see it and my
duplicator glitch pete and myka PE and
on the door glitch too so see you later
people